README.md, before:

# 🤖 AutoGen Multi-Agent Group Chat for LLM Paper Scraping

This project implements a multi-agent AI workflow using [Microsoft AutoGen](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen). It scrapes recent **arXiv papers related to LLM (Large Language Model) applications** and generates a **markdown table** categorized by domain.

Agents in this project include:
- 🧠 **Planner**: Breaks down tasks
- 👷 **Engineer**: Writes scraping and formatting code
- 🧪 **Scientist**: Categorizes papers by domain
- 🤖 **Executor**: Executes code automatically
- 👤 **Admin**: You (initiates the chat)

---

## 🚀 Features

- Multi-agent collaboration via AutoGen
- Scrapes arXiv for recent LLM-related papers
- Extracts: Title, Authors, Summary, Link
- Outputs a structured Markdown table categorized by domain
- Supports Windows `.bat` for easy execution

---


## 📂 Project Structure
```
autogen-arxiv/
│
├── main.py # Main script with AutoGen agent logic
├── .env # API key for OpenAI
├── requirements.txt # Python dependencies
├── .gitignore # Files to ignore in Git
├── run_autogen.bat # Windows helper script
├── README.md # Project overview and usage
└── paper/ # Working dir for Executor (autogenerated)
```


---

## ⚙️ Setup Instructions

### 1. Clone or download this repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/SandeshGitHub2077/autogen_multiagent_groupChat.git
cd autogen_multiagent_groupChat
```

### 2. Create a Conda environment
```bash
conda create -n autogenenv python=3.10 -y
conda activate autogenenv
```

### 3. Install dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4. Set your OpenAI API Key
Create a .env file:
```env
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key-here
```

### 5. Run the project
```bash
jupyter notebook main.ipynb
```
Or double-click:

```bat
run_autogen.bat
```

Commit message:

added scope for future enhancements

README.md, after:

# 🤖 AutoGen Multi-Agent Group Chat for LLM Paper Scraping

This project implements a multi-agent AI workflow using [Microsoft AutoGen](https://github.com/microsoft/autogen). It scrapes recent **arXiv papers related to LLM (Large Language Model) applications** and generates a **markdown table** categorized by domain.

Agents in this project include:
- 🧠 **Planner**: Breaks down tasks
- 👷 **Engineer**: Writes scraping and formatting code
- 🧪 **Scientist**: Categorizes papers by domain
- 🤖 **Executor**: Executes code automatically
- 👤 **Admin**: You (initiates the chat)

### 🧠 Future Scope
You can extend this project with additional agents, such as a **Critic**:

```python
critic = autogen.AssistantAgent(
    name="Critic",
    system_message="Critic. Double check plan, claims, code from other agents and provide feedback. Check whether the plan includes adding verifiable info such as source URL.",
    llm_config=gpt4_config,
)
# Acts as a reviewer that validates other agents' outputs and enhances reliability
```
---

## 🚀 Features

- Multi-agent collaboration via AutoGen
- Scrapes arXiv for recent LLM-related papers
- Extracts: Title, Authors, Summary, Link
- Outputs a structured Markdown table categorized by domain
- Supports Windows `.bat` for easy execution

---


## 📂 Project Structure
```
autogen-arxiv/
│
├── main.py # Main script with AutoGen agent logic
├── .env # API key for OpenAI
├── requirements.txt # Python dependencies
├── .gitignore # Files to ignore in Git
├── run_autogen.bat # Windows helper script
├── README.md # Project overview and usage
└── paper/ # Working dir for Executor (autogenerated)
```


---

## ⚙️ Setup Instructions

### 1. Clone or download this repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/SandeshGitHub2077/autogen_multiagent_groupChat.git
cd autogen_multiagent_groupChat
```

### 2. Create a Conda environment
```bash
conda create -n autogenenv python=3.10 -y
conda activate autogenenv
```

### 3. Install dependencies
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4. Set your OpenAI API Key
Create a .env file:
```env
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key-here
```

### 5. Run the project
```bash
jupyter notebook main.ipynb
```
Or double-click:

```bat
run_autogen.bat
```
